>> Scott Moss: This is v3 of
the API Design in Node with Express.
And the reason I wanted to
come back to teach it is, one,
we got some really good feedback from V2.
Also, things have changed as far as
the community and how APIs are built,
and then changed with me because I
actually use the stuff that I teach.
And I learn every single day, and
I've just developed different ways and
different strategies to develop APIs and
I just wanted to share them.
So it just made sense to come back and
then just teach it, so I'm back.
So just to get things started,
the format of kinda how I teach
is normally just three things.
So we'll have a repro that you
all will be following along.
And every post gonna consist of things
like tests that you will have to get to
pass and instructions on what to do
that are gonna be based off the lessons.
And those lessons
are gonna be taught by me,
with some slides that
I'll be going through.
And then also I'll be live
coding some examples.
And then for dependencies what you're
gonna need is you're just gonna need Node,
at least version six.
If you don't have that already, just
at least have version six of Node, and
then MongoDB.
So just have those two things,
and you should be good.
If you don't MongoDB installed,
you do have two other options.
You can just use a free cloud
hosted provider like mLab,
which spins up a MongoDB for you for free.
There's other ones out there as well.
I just recommend that one cuz I've used
it before and it's easy to get started.
Or the third option is to
use MongoDB in memory,
which is an NPM package you can install.
So if you go to NPM and
search for MongoDB memory server,
you'll just NPM install that or
Yarn install that.
And then you'll just scroll down to the
instructions where they talk about using
it with Mongoose.
You probably know what Mongoose is yet,
but we're going to talk about that.
But yeah, if you were using that third
option, this is how you would use it, and
you can literally just copy and
paste this code.
But I highly recommend installing MongoDB,
that is the option that I recommend doing.
All right, so now that we got that going,
you got Mongo, you got Node,
let's just hop right into it.
So I'm gonna head over to
some slides that I have here.
So again, API Design in Node with Express,
and this is gonna be v3.
So the slides,
you can follow along as well.
The link for
the slides are in the readme of the repro.
So if you wanna follow along,
just click that and you can.
Or you can just watch me,
and we're gonna keep going.
Any questions so far?
>> Scott Moss: No, all right, is this
big enough, can everybody see this?
I've got glasses on so
I feel like I can see everything.
So I just wanted to check.
All right, all right, cool.
So first thing we're gonna talk
about is just the intro to
kind of some of the tools
we're using in this course.
We talked about something Express, you
heard me say something called Mongoose.
So we're just gonna do an overview of what
those tools are and those frameworks and
kind of where they are now and why we're
using them and how they work together.
So I think that's very important.